
Activity   - This column describes about the activities of the subject.
             Ex:   WALKING WALKING_UPSTAIRS  WALKING_DOWNSTAIRS SITTING STANDING  LAYING
			 
Subject     Have values ranging from 1to 30. Each one is an id of the person.

tBodyAcc-mean()-X  - mean of the variable for the subject for that activity
tBodyAcc-mean()-Y  - mean of the variable for the subject for that activity
tBodyAcc-mean()-Z  - mean of the variable for the subject for that activity
tBodyAcc-std()-X  - mean of the variable for the subject for that activity
tBodyAcc-std()-Y  - mean of the variable for the subject for that activity
tBodyAcc-std()-Z  - mean of the variable for the subject for that activity
tGravityAcc-mean()-X  - mean of the variable for the subject for that activity
tGravityAcc-mean()-Y  - mean of the variable for the subject for that activity
tGravityAcc-mean()-Z  - mean of the variable for the subject for that activity
tGravityAcc-std()-X  - mean of the variable for the subject for that activity
tGravityAcc-std()-Y  - mean of the variable for the subject for that activity
tGravityAcc-std()-Z  - mean of the variable for the subject for that activity
tBodyAccJerk-mean()-X  - mean of the variable for the subject for that activity
tBodyAccJerk-mean()-Y  - mean of the variable for the subject for that activity
tBodyAccJerk-mean()-Z  - mean of the variable for the subject for that activity
tBodyAccJerk-std()-X  - mean of the variable for the subject for that activity
tBodyAccJerk-std()-Y  - mean of the variable for the subject for that activity
tBodyAccJerk-std()-Z  - mean of the variable for the subject for that activity
tBodyGyro-mean()-X  - mean of the variable for the subject for that activity
tBodyGyro-mean()-Y  - mean of the variable for the subject for that activity
tBodyGyro-mean()-Z  - mean of the variable for the subject for that activity
tBodyGyro-std()-X  - mean of the variable for the subject for that activity
tBodyGyro-std()-Y  - mean of the variable for the subject for that activity
tBodyGyro-std()-Z  - mean of the variable for the subject for that activity
tBodyGyroJerk-mean()-X  - mean of the variable for the subject for that activity
tBodyGyroJerk-mean()-Y  - mean of the variable for the subject for that activity
tBodyGyroJerk-mean()-Z  - mean of the variable for the subject for that activity
tBodyGyroJerk-std()-X  - mean of the variable for the subject for that activity
tBodyGyroJerk-std()-Y  - mean of the variable for the subject for that activity
tBodyGyroJerk-std()-Z  - mean of the variable for the subject for that activity
tBodyAccMag-mean()  - mean of the variable for the subject for that activity
tBodyAccMag-std()  - mean of the variable for the subject for that activity
tGravityAccMag-mean()  - mean of the variable for the subject for that activity
tGravityAccMag-std()  - mean of the variable for the subject for that activity
tBodyAccJerkMag-mean()  - mean of the variable for the subject for that activity
tBodyAccJerkMag-std()  - mean of the variable for the subject for that activity
tBodyGyroMag-mean()  - mean of the variable for the subject for that activity
tBodyGyroMag-std()  - mean of the variable for the subject for that activity
tBodyGyroJerkMag-mean()  - mean of the variable for the subject for that activity
tBodyGyroJerkMag-std()  - mean of the variable for the subject for that activity
fBodyAcc-mean()-X  - mean of the variable for the subject for that activity
fBodyAcc-mean()-Y  - mean of the variable for the subject for that activity
fBodyAcc-mean()-Z  - mean of the variable for the subject for that activity
fBodyAcc-std()-X  - mean of the variable for the subject for that activity
fBodyAcc-std()-Y  - mean of the variable for the subject for that activity
fBodyAcc-std()-Z  - mean of the variable for the subject for that activity
fBodyAcc-meanFreq()-X  - mean of the variable for the subject for that activity
fBodyAcc-meanFreq()-Y  - mean of the variable for the subject for that activity
fBodyAcc-meanFreq()-Z  - mean of the variable for the subject for that activity
fBodyAccJerk-mean()-X  - mean of the variable for the subject for that activity
fBodyAccJerk-mean()-Y  - mean of the variable for the subject for that activity
fBodyAccJerk-mean()-Z  - mean of the variable for the subject for that activity
fBodyAccJerk-std()-X  - mean of the variable for the subject for that activity
fBodyAccJerk-std()-Y  - mean of the variable for the subject for that activity
fBodyAccJerk-std()-Z  - mean of the variable for the subject for that activity
fBodyAccJerk-meanFreq()-X  - mean of the variable for the subject for that activity
fBodyAccJerk-meanFreq()-Y  - mean of the variable for the subject for that activity
fBodyAccJerk-meanFreq()-Z  - mean of the variable for the subject for that activity
fBodyGyro-mean()-X  - mean of the variable for the subject for that activity
fBodyGyro-mean()-Y  - mean of the variable for the subject for that activity
fBodyGyro-mean()-Z  - mean of the variable for the subject for that activity
fBodyGyro-std()-X  - mean of the variable for the subject for that activity
fBodyGyro-std()-Y  - mean of the variable for the subject for that activity
fBodyGyro-std()-Z  - mean of the variable for the subject for that activity
fBodyGyro-meanFreq()-X  - mean of the variable for the subject for that activity
fBodyGyro-meanFreq()-Y  - mean of the variable for the subject for that activity
fBodyGyro-meanFreq()-Z  - mean of the variable for the subject for that activity
fBodyAccMag-mean()  - mean of the variable for the subject for that activity
fBodyAccMag-std()  - mean of the variable for the subject for that activity
fBodyAccMag-meanFreq()  - mean of the variable for the subject for that activity
fBodyBodyAccJerkMag-mean()  - mean of the variable for the subject for that activity
fBodyBodyAccJerkMag-std()  - mean of the variable for the subject for that activity
fBodyBodyAccJerkMag-meanFreq()  - mean of the variable for the subject for that activity
fBodyBodyGyroMag-mean()  - mean of the variable for the subject for that activity
fBodyBodyGyroMag-std()  - mean of the variable for the subject for that activity
fBodyBodyGyroMag-meanFreq()  - mean of the variable for the subject for that activity
fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag-mean()  - mean of the variable for the subject for that activity
fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag-std()  - mean of the variable for the subject for that activity
fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag-meanFreq()  - mean of the variable for the subject for that activity

